1. Discuss the prototyping model. What is the effect of
designing a prototype on the overall cost of the
project?

PROTOTYPE MODEL -The prototyping model is a systems development method in which a prototype is built,
 tested and then reworked as necessary until an acceptable outcome is achieved from which the complete system or product can be developed

Effect of prototype on Project and overall cost
 the effect of designing a prototype on the overall cost of a software project is to actually reduce the additional costs of restructuring 
and reframing it after its full-fledged development- which might cost a fortune.



2. Compare iterative enhancement model and
evolutionary process model.



	iterative enhancement model							evolutionary process model.

	1.This model has the similar phases 
	as the waterfall model, but with 
	fewer restrictions. In general the 
	phases occur in the same order as in
	 the waterfall model but these may be
	 conducted in several cycles. 
	A utilizable product is released at
	 the end of the each cycle with each 
	release providing additional functionality.
												1.	Evolutionary development model bear
												 a resemblance to iterative enhancement model.
												 The similar phases as defined for the waterfall 
												model occur here in a cyclical fashion.
												 This model is different from iterative enhancement model 
												in the sense that this doesn't require a useable product
												 at the end of each cycle. In evolutionary development 
												requirements are implemented by category rather than by priority.


3. As we move outward along with process flow path of
the spiral model, what can we say about software
that is being developed or maintained.
As work moves outward on the spiral,
 the product moves toward a more complete
 state and the level of abstraction at 
which work is performed is reduced 
(i.e., implementation specific work accelerates
 as we move further from the origin).


4. Explain the Scrum Agile methodology.

	Agile scrum methodology is a sprint-based project management
 system with the goal of delivering the highest value to stakeholders.
1.Agile and scrum are two similar project management systems with a few key differences.
2.Agile is more flexible and promotes leadership teams, while scrum is more rigid and promotes cross-functional teams.
3.Agile lets teams develop projects in small increments called “sprints” and allows for more effective collaborations among teams working on complex projects.
4.This article is for business owners and project managers who want to learn more about agile scrum methodology and how to implement it as a management process.	


Agile scrum methodology is used by companies of all sizes for its ability to provide high-end collaboration and efficiency for project-based work.
 Agile and scrum are two different methods and can be used separately; however, their combined benefits make the agile scrum methodology
 the most popular use of agile. Here’s the complete guide to agile scrum methodology.




5. Explain the utility of Kanban CFD reports.

The cumulative flow diagram (also known as CFD) is one of the most advanced Kanban and Agile analytics charts.
 It provides a concise visualization of the three most important metrics of your flow:

Cycle time
Throughput
Work in progress
Its main purpose is to show you how stable your flow is and help you understand where you need to focus on 
making your process more predictable. It gives you quantitative and qualitative insight into past and existing problems and can visualize massive amounts of data.
						 			
	
